Add Term Entry - HTML <center> (#606)
Codecademy/docs: content/html/concepts/tags/terms/center/center.md

---
Title: '<center>'

> Description: 'Depreciated block-level element that displays its contents centered horizontally in the containing element. CSS should be used instead.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Displays its contents centered horizontally in the containing element. This is now deprecated and CSS should be used instead.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Web Design'
Tags:
  - 'Tags'
  - 'Style'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-html'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

> The `<center>` tag was used historically to center elements, usually text, within their containing element. It has been removed from the HTML specification, and while some browsers might support it for backwards compatibility, it should no longer be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `<center>` tag was used historically to center content, usually text, within their containing elements. It has since been removed and deprecated from the HTML specification, and while some browsers might support it for backwards compatibility, it should no longer be used.
```

The current practice to center text in HTML is to use the [CSS](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/css) property [`text-align`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/css/typography/text-align) and to use properties of the [CSS box model](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/css/box-model) to center other elements.

## Example

Historical use:

> ```html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```html
<!-- Don't use this! -->
```

<center>
  This is centered text.
  <p>This is a centered paragraph</p>
</center>
```

Modern alternative:

> ```html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```html
<!-- Use this, instead. :) -->
```

---
Title: '<center>'
Description: 'Displays its contents centered horizontally in the containing element. This is now deprecated and CSS should be used instead.'
Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Web Design'
Tags:
  - 'Tags'
  - 'Style'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-html'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

The `<center>` tag was used historically to center content, usually text, within its containing elements. It has since been deprecated and removed from the HTML specification. While some browsers might support it for backwards compatibility, it should no longer be used.

The current practice in HTML is to use the [CSS](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/css) property [`text-align`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/css/typography/text-align) to center text and to use properties of the [CSS box model](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/css/box-model) to center other elements.

> 

Reviewer 2: Add syntax section here. And perhaps mention it's usually found within the `<body>` container tag. I think that would be helpful for those who may be trying to look for it in older documents.

Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Web Design'
Tags:
  - 'Tags'
  - 'Style'
  - 'Obsolete'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-html'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

The `<center>` tag was used historically to center content, usually text, within its containing elements. It has since been deprecated and removed from the HTML specification. While some browsers might support it for backwards compatibility, it should no longer be used.

The current practice in HTML is to use the [CSS](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/css) property [`text-align`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/css/typography/text-align) to center text and to use properties of the [CSS box model](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/css/box-model) to center other elements.

## Syntax

```html
<center><!-- text or other element to center goes here --></center>
```

`<center>` was typically found as a child of the `<body>` element to center elements on the page.

## Example

Historical use:

```html
<!-- Don't use this! -->
<center>
  This is centered text.
  <p>This is a centered paragraph</p>
</center>
```

> Modern alternative:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The modern alternative is using the [`<div>`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/tags/div) tag, instead:
```
